README.md, before:

# Resume - make summaries

Resume is a Flutter application for making summaries that facilitate study. Just click and share and follow news knowledge.

## Observations
This project was developed using development standards like classes, interfaces, encapsulation.

Work in progess (AC2):
  - [x] Sign In, Sign Up, Logoff
  - [ ] Database - CRUD to Users and Notes
  - [X] Push Notifications - At 12:00
  - [ ] Share the application
  - [x] Create the app with Cupertino and Material design

## Installation

Use the Flutter project (.apk or .ipa) to run in your device or emulator.

![devices](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113034645-b852ea00-9168-11eb-9f79-552f363c0849.PNG)

## Mockup

Initial application design.

[Simple mockup](https://app.moqups.com/uIMAF8jZIa/view/page/ae8fe8eb0/)

## Project

#### 1. Welcome page
This is the first page of the application. On this page, you can select if you like to Sign In or Sign Up.

![welcome](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036077-382d8400-916a-11eb-9749-a5eedd0f44e1.jpeg)

#### 2. Sign Up page
On the Sign Up page is possible to create a new user, just put some information like: 

> Name

> E-mail

> Password

![signup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036150-4ed3db00-916a-11eb-92f3-4718b273d98d.jpeg)

#### 3. Sign In page
After registering, just log into the application and discover the possibilities.

![login](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036299-7cb91f80-916a-11eb-8919-16bf6c504b27.jpeg)

#### 4. My summaries page
On this page, you can create, edit and delete your summaries.

![mynote](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036321-82af0080-916a-11eb-8adf-d706e33366b8.jpeg)

#### 5. Shared summaries page
On this page, you can see the shared summaries and like them.

![sharednote](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036328-83e02d80-916a-11eb-9db1-c693b4fc1316.jpeg)

#### 6. New/Edit summary page
On this page, you can create or edit a new summary as your imagination desires. Just edit the text (colors, fonts), add links, add photos from the gallery and the camera.

![newnote](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036323-83479700-916a-11eb-8d15-1fc51f5570a6.jpeg)

#### 7. Profile page
On this page, you can edit all your profile information.

![profile](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036628-efc29600-916a-11eb-953f-0d1b05108508.jpeg)

#### 7. Menu widget
Menu options.

![menu](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036326-83479700-916a-11eb-8300-e6891f928bc5.jpeg)

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

Commit message:

Fix firebase problem and add share option in menu

README.md, after:

# Resume - make summaries

Resume is a Flutter application for making summaries that facilitate study. Just click and share and follow news knowledge.

## Observations
This project was developed using development standards like classes, interfaces, encapsulation.

Work in progess (AC2):
  - [x] Sign In, Sign Up, Logoff
  - [ ] Database - CRUD
  - [X] Push Notifications - At 12:00 PM
  - [X] Share the GitHub page - Located in menu 
  - [x] Create the app with Cupertino and Material design

## Installation

Use the Flutter project (.apk or .ipa) to run in your device or emulator.

![devices](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113034645-b852ea00-9168-11eb-9f79-552f363c0849.PNG)

## Mockup

Initial application design.

[Simple mockup](https://app.moqups.com/uIMAF8jZIa/view/page/ae8fe8eb0/)

## Project

#### 1. Welcome page
This is the first page of the application. On this page, you can select if you like to Sign In or Sign Up.

![welcome](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036077-382d8400-916a-11eb-9749-a5eedd0f44e1.jpeg)

#### 2. Sign Up page
On the Sign Up page is possible to create a new user, just put some information like: 

> Name

> E-mail

> Password

![signup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036150-4ed3db00-916a-11eb-92f3-4718b273d98d.jpeg)

#### 3. Sign In page
After registering, just log into the application and discover the possibilities.

![login](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036299-7cb91f80-916a-11eb-8919-16bf6c504b27.jpeg)

#### 4. My summaries page
On this page, you can create, edit and delete your summaries.

![mynote](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036321-82af0080-916a-11eb-8adf-d706e33366b8.jpeg)

#### 5. Shared summaries page
On this page, you can see the shared summaries and like them.

![sharednote](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036328-83e02d80-916a-11eb-9db1-c693b4fc1316.jpeg)

#### 6. New/Edit summary page
On this page, you can create or edit a new summary as your imagination desires. Just edit the text (colors, fonts), add links, add photos from the gallery and the camera.

![newnote](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036323-83479700-916a-11eb-8d15-1fc51f5570a6.jpeg)

#### 7. Profile page
On this page, you can edit all your profile information.

![profile](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036628-efc29600-916a-11eb-953f-0d1b05108508.jpeg)

#### 7. Menu widget
Menu options.

![menu](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26679371/113036326-83479700-916a-11eb-8300-e6891f928bc5.jpeg)

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.
